#summary How to get started running the game

= Getting the code =

Right now, there isn't a prepackaged solution for downloading, installing, and running this game, as it is alpha quality.

If you have a Subversion client, you can get the latest code by visiting http://code.google.com/p/viricide/source/checkout and following the instructions.

If you don't have a Subversion client but are still familiar with Python or just commandline applications in general, you can still get a relatively recent code snapshot by visiting http://code.google.com/p/viricide/downloads/list

It is assumed you have [http://www.python.org/ Python 2.5], but you also need [http://www.pygame.org/ Pygame] and a [http://sourceforge.net/projects/json-py/ JSON library].

= Running one-player =

To start one-player mode, please navigate to your source checkout directory.
{{{
jtolds@giskard:~/projects/viricide$ python ./game.py
}}}
The default options will start a one-player game. Please see ClientCommandLineHelp for more info on configurable parameters.

= Running multi-player =

To start multi-player mode, you must have a computer that is accessible by all interested parties over a network (I hope to run a free server in the future that anyone can connect to, but currently my hosting service is down. Sad face. ). Once you have established which computer this is and found out its hostname or IP address, you can start the Viricide Server on it like so:
{{{
jtolds@giskard:~/projects/viricide$ python ./server.py
}}}
The default options should be sufficient. Please see ServerCommandLineHelp for more info on configurable parameters.

Next, you will need to start your clients. First, agree on a game id (some random string), and the number of players playing in this game. Then, connect with each to the server computer like so:
{{{
jtolds@giskard:~/projects/viricide$ python ./game.py --network_game --host="server_hostname_goes_here" \
  --game_id="your_random_game_id" --starting_amount_of_players=2
}}}

Once all clients have connected, the game will start.